
Yes, can I speak with Shannon Lane please?
Hey Shannon, this is Lisa calling from HR how are you today? 

I'm good, thank you. 
Listen; hopefully this will be a very short call. 
I basically have to make sure everybody's information is updated in the system. 
We are going to a new system for our benefits in January because of ECA. 
And I think what happened was the new system that we are moving to, the fields aren't compatible with the old system, so I've got some incomplete information for these people which I was tasked to call so do you have a couple of minutes so you can help me update your records? 

I was tasked to call so do you have a couple of minutes so you can help me update your records? 

I'm in the system. 

Good to know, I will improve my messaging.

Ok, real quick, I have your department as "Members or Claims" or "Indirect Products."

And I have the spelling of your name Shannon with one N or is it Shannon two N's?


Ok and I called your number 555-5555. 
I have your email as target@target.com.

Now don't give me your full social over the phone but can you give me your last four?

Now here is where we are starting to have some problems with our data field. 
Um, I am missing your date of birth and your employee ID. 

10-5-55. 
And your employee ID? 

Yes, please. 

552.
Great, that is all I need.
We are set and you are not going to have any issues with your benefits. 

That's news to bring on a Tuesday morning.

You have a good day. 


This is Paul with tech support, how are you doing?

We got that you filled out for that iPhone? 
You did your password change?

Excellent, just want to tell you that's the way it should have been handled. 
Okay, so there was another guy on your team that clicked also?

JR, okay, I'm just gonna write that down, I'm gonna be talking to him later on. 
So, just to follow up what we are doing.
Are you on the VPN right now? 
Are you on your work machine?

Okay, I'm going to give you an internal address; it's a FTP site that we setup. 
For ... employees that we set up.
If you go there you'll see there is one file there that you can download and it will clean up any residual mess from that website that we used for the audit.
So, if you're at your machine just open up a browser and I will give you the address. 
Um, if you have Internet Explorer, you can open up that. 
And up in the top line, the address, type in FTP://update-google.com 

It should open up and have an index tab that has one file.
The file is called Google PC checker. 
Yeah, click on that.
And it should download. 
It should ask you if you want to run or save.
Click run. 
And if everything goes good you should get no alerts. 
If you have a residual problem from that site then you'll get a message, but if nothing happens everything is good and clean and we are done. 
Yeah, click ok. 
Okay, that is good.
If you got no error message than you are good to go.
You are clean. 
Not a problem, we will talk to you later. 
Ah, its ok, thanks for thinking about it afterwards though. 
Bye.


Hi there, I need to get my VPN cert again and I was just on the phone with another tech guy and he told me to call back and get a hold of this extension for help. 

INT9999.
Okay.
James, you can call me Jim though. 
Yep.
Sorry, just been a long day.
I erased the cert.
I filled out this silly thing for an iPhone.
I did an online scan and it erased my cert so I've just been running crazy using my iPhone trying to get this thing fixed.
Uh huh.

Thank you.

I was trying to connect and it was telling me that I didn't have the right cert.
It's probably just like me, I'm probably just all...I guess this is probably just me not being technical.
I had done a scan, I got an error, another guy came in and looked at it and said it looked like my cert got deleted, so to call support and get you guys to email me my VPN cert again to my email address, but if you're saying everything good I guess I can go back and try again. 
If you could email the cert that would be great.
If not then uh.

Yeah, if you would. 

Just in case, this way I don't have to call back and then if everything is working ok I can just delete it, if not we'll have it.

I will, and thanks for your help again.

Okay bye.