They have to know whether that word, subject to appropriations, invalidates the contract or whether they have a valid contract.
And a set of principles have come up that are used to decide that.
And under that set of principles, money is available to pay for the contract if it's time, purpose, and amount.
That's the principle.
You don't think.
and I don't see anything contrary to that.
Justice Breyer, one background principle and it's reflected, by the way, in the terms of the contracts themselves.
One background principle is that funds for inherent Federal functions are not required to be transferred to tribes.
And the contracts.
Well, Mr.
Srinivasan, do you say that the contracts that were entered into by IHS and the tribes did somehow contract away Federal inherent Federal functions?
They specifically.
They didn't violate that section, did they?
The contracts that we're talking about.
They specifically did not transfer.
So we're not dealing with that.
We're dealing with contracts that didn't violate that section.
And you're just saying that some of the lump sum appropriation was diverted by the Government to pay for some kind of core Federal function, not that the contracts violated that provision.
The that's correct, Justice O'Connor.
What I'm responding to is the suggestion that funds that were allocated by the Secretary to pay for inherent Federal functions were required to be diverted to pay for the indirect costs.
You're not saying you're addressing not what was contracted out, but what funds are available.
That's where your argument is going.
It relates to the funds that are available.
And the tribes' position.
And you rely on the statement in (a) that the the only funds that are available are funds that include funds to to pay for supportive administrative functions that are otherwise contractable.
Not funds.
And not funds that are used to pay for administrative functions that are not contractable.
We think that funds for inherent Federal functions were taken off off the.
Can I.
You said that.
Can I ask you sort of a basic question that I'm having trouble following?
As I understand, you're saying 98 percent of the appropriation have been allocated to programs, projects, activities, and so forth that can't be reduced.
Now, is there anything in the statute that would have prevented the Secretary from allocating only 96 percent of the budget to those funds?
Well, there is, Justice Stevens, in the following sense.
It's not at all the case that the Secretary had unfettered discretion in composing the allocation scheme in any fiscal year.
But his budget that he actually worked out with the 98 percent was not mandated by the statute, as I understand.
In in part it was mandated by the statute.
In part but not in whole.
Perhaps not in whole.
Well, that's the point.
but at least in significant part.
And let me but I think this is significant, and if I can just walk the Court through the process by which the budget is developed and any appropriation ultimately is allocated.
The Secretary has always, both before the ISDA and after the ISDA, taken the current year's allocation across programs as a given, as a baseline from which the next year's allocation will be built.
And that's reflected in the terms of the statute on pages 14a to 15a of the appendix to the blue brief.
There's a provision, 450j-1(b)(2), that says that the amount that's transferred to contractors shall not be reduced by the Secretary in subsequent years except pursuant to certain limited criteria and one of which, the principal one of which, is the reduction in appropriations.
But we're not dealing with that in the relevant fiscal years.
There was always an increase.
And so the Secretary, pursuant to the statute, kept the funding for across programs at least at the level that it was at the previous fiscal year.
Now, in addition to that, the Secretary builds two two considerations on top.
The first is mandatory across-the-board increases for things such as salary COLA's and inflationary adjustments.
And that's a standard feature of budgeting, and it's reflected again in the terms of the statute.
And that I'd point the Court to page 9 of the Government's brief, the gray brief, where we cite a provision, 25 U.
Is the is the nub of what you're trying to tell me is that the 98 percent was, in fact, mandated by a statute?
It was I I think in principal part it was mandated by the by.
Principal part, but.
Well, let.
Does that mean that there was not enough?
At least as far.
They could have made it 97 percent.
insofar as what I've said with respect.
and had enough money.
to pay these contract obligations.
No, Justice Stevens.